with nothing but the clothes on their
backs and a few bags of belongings these
Palestinians are on the move once
again after finding shelter from Israeli
attacks inside gaza's Al shifa Hospital
they've now been forced out of a place
they thought was
safe there are wounded and killed people
unbearable scenes the situation at alifa
is very very difficult Beyond
imagination Israeli troops launched
their raid on Al shifer Hospital in the
early hours of Monday morning once the
strip's largest medical facility Health
officials in Gaza estimate thousands of
civilians and patients were Sheltering
there before the latest
attack Suddenly at 2:30 a.m. we heard
the bombardments at 6:00 in the morning
they started aning that nobody should
move no one is to go out not to open
Windows nothing was allowed we couldn't
even cook anything for the
children Israel says during its raid on
Al shifer it has killed dozens of people
and interrogated hundreds of suspects
transferring many to Israel for further
investigation they started with the
emergency section they asked the men to
come down some young men did not comply
they were told that this way they are
risking their lives those who do not
come down would be executed truly this
is exactly what happened with most young
men tortured with electric shocks
stripped them off their clothes tied
their hands behind their backs I don't
know what to say and for those who
weren't detained by Israeli forces
escaping the medical facility presented
its own
challenges the way we got out was a
miracle we slipped past the snipers only
God knows how we managed to get out for
now the search for safety is taking
these Palestinians South along gaza's
Coastal road but with Israel threatening
a ground operation in Rua finding Refuge
is becoming increasingly difficult Jacob
Brown El
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer